As a Samsung Knox customer, you’ll need devices added to your account
before you can begin using any Knox cloud service.
To add devices, simply purchase them from a Samsung approved reseller in your region.
After your reseller uploads devices to your account for the first time,
you’ll need to approve the devices in each service respectively.
To do this, log into your Knox Admin Portal, select a service
(for example Knox Mobile Enrollment), then go to the Devices page.
On the UPLOADS tab, you’ll see a list of resellers that have uploaded devices to your account.
If you have newly uploaded devices, the UPLOAD APPROVAL column will show Pending.
In the DETAILS column, click View to review the list of devices included in this upload.
Click APPROVE ALL DEVICES.
Then on the pop up window, click Approve
to add these devices to your service.
Once the reseller upload is approved for that service,
you have the option to either set reseller preferences,
or continue approving devices for your other Knox cloud services.
In our example, we'll click Back to uploads to continue approving devices for our other Knox services.
Once device uploads are approved in each service for the first time,
you can go to the Resellers page to manage your reseller preferences.
Click the name of your reseller, then on the next page
select Automatically add future uploads from this reseller.
With this option enabled, each time your resellers add new devices to your account,
the devices are automatically approved.
This eliminates the need to review and approve new uploads for each service manually.
Once you've set your reseller preferences, click Save.
Back on the Resellers page, you'll see your Knox services,
along with the device auto-approval status for each service.
This concludes our video on how to approve reseller uploads and set reseller preferences.
For help at any time, review our reseller management documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!